Eloquent Ruby (Chap. 1,9)

When is it acceptable to use CamelCase?
	Class names are acceptable.  Also with the Float method... all variable names and everything else should be written in snake case.  all_lower_case_letters separated by underscores.

When do we use do...end instead of {...}?
	generally if a method would be able to be contained on a single line we would use the {} otherwise use 'do' and break down single commands per line.

In Test::Unit, what is the difference between assert and assert_equal?
	'assert' tests whether or not something is true.
	'assert_equal' tests whether or not something is equal to the original.

Where do we put code that needs to be run before or after each test?
	Test::Unit provides the setup and teardown methods that get called before and after each test method. (pg. 100)

When we use setup, why do we need to use instance variables?
  Because we will be running our tests within each class.  To ensure that we are not testing with variables from other classes we should make sure to test with each particular instance variable to ensure we are testing the proper criteria.

How do you run all the specs in a folder?
 navigate to the folder then run spec . (pg. 104)

What is a stub?
 a stub is an object that implements the same interface as one of the supporting cast members, but returns canned answers when the methods are called. (pg. 105)

What is a mock?
	like a stub a mock knows what canned answers to return if the test passes but unlike the stub a mock also knows which methods should be called and with what arguments. (pg 107)

Why do we make sure that our tests are red before fixing them?
  Because if we are writing code to the tests, we know we are writing testable code. (pg. 113)

If your company won’t allow full tests, what does it mean to “exercise your code, even just a little bit.”

	write whatever unit tests you can.  You can learn a lot from a small simple test that runs no asserts but still shows you that everything is valid and that the code is valid. (pg 112-113)


